[ Laughter ] -Yeah.
-Oh, this was so fun. Let's do it again.
-E-mail me that thing. It sounds really interesting.
-Absolutely. You're gonna love it, John.
[ Laughter ] -Exciting.
-Oh, I don't want to go, but I guess we should.
-Yeah. -Beggaty-boom-boom!
[ Laughter ]
-[ Sighs ] -I can't stand them.
-No, I don't. I don't know. -I can't stand --
Why do we even invite them?!
-Don't look at me, okay? 'Cause I didn't invite them.
-You didn't exactly play defense, either, did you?
-Really? It was either them come here,
or us drive all the way across town to their house.
-Because those are the only two options we have.
Good job. -Really?
-Yeah. -Oh, okay. Look,
I know you like flirting with her!
[ Soft music plays ]
-Seriously, why don't we hang out with them more often?
-I don't know. They're fun, right?
-Yeah, totally!
Hey, next time, let's have them over to our place.
-Yes, definitely. The drive's not that bad.
-It's not. And isn't Joe
the sweetest guy ever?
-Don't you just kind of want them to be our best friends?
-Yes, I do. -Yes, I do.
You think they're saying the same thing
about us, like, right now?
-Um, I bet we're back over here tomorrow night.
-I agree wholeheartedly. -[ Chuckles ]
-[ Humming ]
Let your fingers do the walkin',
Thinkin' and the talkin'
[ Mumbling ]
when you just can't quite decide which way to go.
Road champ. -Like, the way you spoke to me,
and it's not -- It's the how.
It's like just speak to me like I'm your equal
and... [ Sighs ]
[ Soft music plays ]
[ Kettle whistling ]
[ Soft music continues ]
-[ Speaking indistinctly ]
[ Music stops ]